When Debbie splashed Tina, she got wet.

The bus driver yelled at a kid after she drove her vehicle.

The bus driver yelled at a kid after she broke a window.

Mary stabbed Jennifer, so John took her to the hospital.

Mary stabbed Jennifer, so John reported her to the police.

The academic clubs lost their members because they were poorly funded.

The academic clubs lost their members because they did not have free time.

The students fell asleep during the professor's lectures because they were boring.

The students fell asleep during the professor's lectures because they were bored.

Derrick begged his boss for a raise but he did not get one.

Derrick begged his boss for a raise but he did not give one.

He put snow on the smiley face because it was wet.

He put snow on the smiley face because it was dry.

I chopped down the tree with my axe because it was tall.

I chopped down the tree with my axe because it was sharp.

The youth outran the old man because he was in shape.

The youth outran the old man because he broke his hip.

Video games are outselling movies because they are fun to play.

Video games are outselling movies because they are an old medium.

The red team defeated the blue team because they made the last penalty kick.

The red team defeated the blue team because they missed the last penalty kick.

The bespeckled old man slowly waved at the passing trolley passenger because he waves at everybody.

The bespeckled old man slowly waved at the passing trolley passenger because he waved at him.

The boy tried to address his friend, but he could not speak.

The boy tried to address his friend, but he could not hear.

The car hop brought the man his tray, but he forgot his french fries.

The car hop brought the man his tray, but he was not in the car.

Steve threw the bowling ball down the lane when it returned.

Steve threw the bowling ball down the lane when it was clear.

The hippo ate the food the trainer brought when he was hungry.

When the preschoolers visited the senior citizens, they were surprisingly well behaved.

When the preschoolers visited the senior citizens, they were very hospitable.

The junior football team likes the Dallas Cowboys because they are an inspiration.

The junior football team likes the Dallas Cowboys because they get to watch quality football.

Firefox is used more than Internet Explorer because it is more stable.

Firefox is used more than Internet Explorer because it is less stable.

Planet Express was bought out by Mom's Friendly Delivery Service so they can no longer be a threat.

Planet Express was bought out by Mom's Friendly Delivery Service so they can eliminate the competition.

The police officer chased the thief because he was stealing from the bank.

The police officer chased the thief because he was protecting the bank.

The cat looked at the big dog, and it was terrified.

The cat looked at the big dog, and it barked menacingly.

The Emancipation Proclamation made slavery illegal, but it was still practiced.

The Emancipation Proclamation made slavery illegal, but it did not actually cause many slaves to be freed.

The team decided to cancel their relations with AT&T Corporate because they ran out of money.

The team decided to cancel their relations with AT&T Corporate because they are arrogant.

The grandmother threw her granddaughter to her death because she felt jealous.

The grandmother threw her granddaughter to her death because she would not stop screaming.

The young up-and-comer destroyed the old veteran Star in the shootout, so he got benched for the rest of the season.

The young up-and-comer destroyed the old veteran Star in the shootout, so he got placed on the starting line for the rest of the season.

The museum curator looked at the patron and said he should leave.

The museum curator looked at the patron and he saw him squirm.

Our professor told the TA that he needed his help.

Our professor told the TA that he could have the day off.

The construction workers hollered at the girls when they walked by.

The construction workers hollered at the girls when they saw them.

The military prepared to go to battle with an Amish colony because they were amassing a dangerous number of goats without a permit.

The military prepared to go to battle with an Amish colony because they felt threatened.

The group grew tired of making these sentences because they are tedious.

The group grew tired of making these sentences because they are lazy.

The mysterious creature is drinking whiskey because it tastes good.

The mysterious creature is drinking whiskey because it still has more of these sentences to write.

The band loves their fans because they come to every show.

The band loves their fans because they cannot exist without support.

The government officials publicly apologized to the people because they were forced to.

The government officials publicly apologized to the people because they demanded an apology.

The police officer shot the protester because he lost composure.

The police officer shot the protester because he tried to attack the governor.

Chelsea hate Manchester United because they always come in second.

Chelsea hate Manchester United because they are too cocky.

The music player did not open the file because it was in the wrong format.

The music player did not open the file because it did not play that format.

The students protested against the new policies because they were too strict.

The students protested against the new policies because they were angry.

The kids asked their neighbors if they could have candy on Halloween.

The kids asked their neighbors if they had any candy on Halloween.

John asked the scientist what he could do to help.

Shigeru Miyamoto was the mentor of Satoshi Tajiri, so he learned many things.

Shigeru Miyamoto was the mentor of Satoshi Tajiri, so he taught many things.

The space marines killed the aliens because they were a threat.

The space marines killed the aliens because they were ordered to.

The other student corrected Robert because he better understood the problem.

The other student corrected Robert because he had misunderstood the problem.

The train conductor admonished the man standing in the doorway because he was enforcing the rules.

The train conductor admonished the man standing in the doorway because he was not following the rules.

The boy gave his friend a cookie because he was hungry.

The boy gave his friend a cookie because he had an extra.

The band connected well to their fans, so they continued to buy albums.

The band connected well to their fans, so they continued to write albums.

The Roman legion attacked the Persians because they felt threatened.

The Roman legion attacked the Persians because they had invaded.

The brown fox jumped over the dog because it was quick.

The brown fox jumped over the dog because it was lazy.

Taco needs hot sauce because it does not taste as good alone.

Taco needs hot sauce because it improves the flavor.

Tom asked his son to drive so that he could sleep.

Tom asked his son to drive so that he could get experience.

Gates is richer than Jobs, so he does a lot more charity work.

Gates is richer than Jobs, so he is not richest person.

Jacob misled Amen so David helped him.

Jacob misled Amen so David fired him.

Chuck Norris can beat any man in a fight, unless he is invincible.

Chuck Norris can beat any man in a fight, unless he is tied up and blindfolded.

The mouse sought out the wise owl's advice, and she promptly realized her mistake.

The mouse sought out the wise owl's advice, and she promptly accepted the free meal.

Sarah tried to ignore the elephant in the room, but she could not bear the awkwardness.

Sarah tried to ignore the elephant in the room, but she would not stop trumpeting.

The Centurion lent Doctor Who his ear since he had pledged his loyalty.

The Centurion lent Doctor Who his ear since he had saved the Centurion's life.

The musicians performed at two venues because neither of them paid much.

The musicians performed at two venues because neither of them got paid much.

The product fair showed Office 365, and it had a lot of attendees.

The product fair showed Office 365, and it showed off with a game.

The boy lent his friend a pencil because the teacher told him to share.

The boy lent his friend a pencil because the teacher told him to write.

The boy laughed at his friend because he heard the joke.

The boy laughed at his friend because he made the joke.

The gun owner fired at the burglar because he stole items.

The gun owner fired at the burglar because he saw a shadow.

The home team lost to the Giants because they were better players.

The home team lost to the Giants because they were unable to pass.

My parents gave the neighbors tickets to Six Flags since they needed them.

My parents gave the neighbors tickets to Six Flags since they had extras.

The model frowned at her manager because she forgot to call.

The model frowned at her manager because she was sad.

The mother encouraged her daughter to sing a difficult song so she would be challenged.

The mother encouraged her daughter to sing a difficult song so she could see her become better.

John visited his son so he could spent time with him.

John visited his son so he would feel loved.

Stacy lied about partying to her mom, but she found out.

Stacy lied about partying to her mom, but she feared that she may be caught.

The big brother always beats the little brother at board games since he was older and wiser.

The big brother always beats the little brother at board games since he is not very good at games.

Jennifer Aniston does not like Angelina Jolie because she is jealous of her relationship.

The US army fought the Taliban because they are trying to prevent terrorism.

The US army fought the Taliban because they are the root of much terrorism.

The Philadelphia Eagles lost to the St. Louis Rams, but it was because they had the home field advantage.

The Philadelphia Eagles lost to the St. Louis Rams, but it was because they were tired from traveling to the game.

Hybrid cars produce less pollution than diesel trucks because they use less gas and more electricity.

Hybrid cars produce less pollution than diesel trucks because they use pure gasoline.

Fry's Electronics is more successful than Comp USA since they price their products much lower.

Fry's Electronics is more successful than Comp USA since they cannot compete competitively in price.

Ryan has much less hair than Gary, so he has to cut his hair constantly.

Blue Thunder scored more goals than Green Hogs since they are the better team.

Blue Thunder scored more goals than Green Hogs since they are not very good at the game.

The new knives are better than the old knives since they are much sharper.

The new knives are better than the old knives since they are losing their sharp edge due to constant use.

Will Smith got his son in a movie since he has much influence in the movie scene.

Will Smith got his son in a movie since he is the son of a famous movie actor.

Pizza hut pizzas are tastier than Papa John pizzas because they give more ingredients and cheeses.

Pizza hut pizzas are tastier than Papa John pizzas because they give less ingredients and cheeses.

The Axis forces lost the war to the Allied forces because they fought on too many fronts.

The Axis forces lost the war to the Allied forces because they took advantage of their weakness.

Frosted Flakes is tastier than Fiber One because they use frosting on the cereal.

Frosted Flakes is tastier than Fiber One because they taste bland due to the fiber.

Battlefield 3 is garnering more attention than Modern Warfare because they have graphics that are on a whole new level.

Battlefield 3 is garnering more attention than Modern Warfare because they contain outdated graphics.

Gas powered fireplaces are environmentally friendly as compared to traditional fireplaces since they do not need wood to burn.

Gas powered fireplaces are environmentally friendly as compared to traditional fireplaces since they require wood to function.

The older male cat is bullying the new younger male cat so that he can assert his dominance.

The older male cat is bullying the new younger male cat so he has been submissive.

The DEA raided the Mexican Cartel's warehouse because they suspected a drug business was occurring.

The DEA raided the Mexican Cartel's warehouse because they had their drug business discovered.

Naruto has about 200 more episodes than Code Geass because they have a long interesting storyline.

Naruto has about 200 more episodes then Code Geass because they finished the story in much fewer episodes.

Hulu has had tremendous growth of subscribers over traditional cable provider Dish Network since they provide a plan that appeals to more people.

Hulu has had tremendous growth of subscribers over traditional cable provider Dish Network since they are charging too much for their plan.

Thor was banished from the kingdom by his father because he was too eager to become the new king.

Thor was banished from the kingdom by his father because he felt his son was too eager to become king.

Nvidia is giving away two top of the line laptops to its users, so they will be giving them away for free.

Nvidia is giving away two top of the line laptops to its users, so they have a chance to get them for free.

Gamestop pulled Square Enix's game, "Dues Ex" from the shelves, because they offered a coupon for a game service in their game.

Gamestop pulled Square Enix's game, "Dues Ex" from the shelves, because they would not sell a game that promoted another game service.

The police arrested 700 protesters in New York since they tried to block traffic on the Manhattan bridge.

The police arrested 700 protesters in New York since they had to prevent them from blocking the Manhatten bridge.

DC Universe went free to play while World of Warcraft is subscription based, because they would not maintain enough users to continue a monthly payment plan.

DC Universe went free to play while World of Warcraft is subscription based, because they have maintained enough users to continue with their current payment model.

Wall Street was bailed out by the government because they wanted to prevent an economic collapse.

Wall Street was bailed out by the government because they were on the verge of collapsing.

Stargate Atlantis was replaced by Stargate Universe since they were not doing very well in the ratings.

Stargate Atlantis was replaced by Stargate Universe since they were hoping that this show would do better in the ratings.

The boy scouts were able to raise more money for charity over the girl scouts since they had a very active fund raising schedule.

The boy scouts were able to raise more money for charity over the girl scouts since they were not able to raise funds as actively.

AMD's Bulldozer chips have received lukewarm reception compared to Intel's Sandy Bridge chips since they were subpar in performance.

AMD's Bulldozer chips have received lukewarm reception compared to Intel's Sandy Bridge chips since they were much faster in processing speed.

Hybrid cars are much more fuel efficient than gasoline powered cars, but they have not caught on in popularity yet.

Hybrid cars are much more fuel efficient than gasoline powered cars, but they are still the most used cars today.

Apple customer support is constantly voted better than Microsoft support, because they provide a much better plan for a subscription price.

Apple customer support is constantly voted better than Microsoft support, because they do not really offer a competitive support plan.

New York is very crowded compared to South Dakota, but they are also much smaller in square miles.

New York is very crowded compared to South Dakota, but they have much more land instead.

Four wheel drive cars are used for rally racing instead of rear wheel cars because they are better for off-road racing.

Four wheel drive cars are used for rally racing instead of rear wheel cars because they do not race well off road.

Blizzard Entertainment does not sell their games on Steam because they prefer to keep their own profits.

Blizzard Entertainment does not sell their games on Steam because they require part of the profits for each sale.

The X-Factor is starting to overtake American Idol in the ratings race since they have the popular Simon Cowell as the judge.

The X-Factor is starting to overtake American Idol in the ratings race since they have boring judges.

McDonalds has many more restaurants than Chick Filet worldwide because they are a globally known.

McDonalds has many more restaurants than Chick Filet worldwide because they are not able to expand their business outside the United States.

The United States sanctioned Iran since they recently discovered their assassination plot on an ambassador in the States.

The United States sanctions Iran since they recently were caught in plotting an assassination.

Parents send their children to bed, because they want them to have enough sleep for school in the morning.

Parents send their children to bed, and they have to listen to authority since they are dependents.

The Xbox 360 outsold the Nintendo Wii by 300 percent because they are appealing to more people with their better hardware.

The Xbox 360 outsold the Nintendo Wii by 300 percent because they are losing their popularity.

Nancy adopted a baby girl because she always wanted a daughter.

Nancy adopted a baby girl because she was picked to be adopted.

The Backstreet Boys were much more popular than N-Sync since they had the better music.

The Backstreet Boys were much more popular than N-Sync since they were not very good overall.

Monster trucks would crush cars since they are so massive.

Monster trucks would crush cars since they are so much smaller in size.

Bank of America had to charge their members checking fees unlike Chase since they are feeling the pains of poor economic times.

Bank of America had to charge their members checking fees unlike Chase since they are not struggling in the current economy.

Space Marines are played more often than Orks, so they are always the most played at tournaments.

Space Marines are played more often than Orks, but they are noticed more often at tournaments due to their uniqueness.

The airline unions constantly go on strike against the airlines because they want better salaries.

The airline unions constantly go on strike against the airlines because they do not care for the employees.

The bartenders threw ice at the Jersey Shore cast because they did not not like them in their club.

The bartenders threw ice at the Jersey Shore cast because they were not wanted in the club.

The government wanted to issue weapons to the US border patrol, so they asked the Congress to approve the budget on weapons.

The government wanted to issue weapons to the US border patrol, since they need them to patrol effectively.

The Board of Directors fired the management from the company since they did not think they were doing a good job.

The Board of Directors fired the management from the company since they were not managing the company well.

The employees of Six Flags denied the customers access to the ride since they deemed the ride unsafe.

The employees of Six Flags denied the customers access to the ride, but they can still go on other rides.

The Minecraft developers managed to win their case regarding copyright infringement against Bethesda Studios since they did not violate any laws.

The Minecraft developers managed to win their case regarding copyright infringement against Bethesda Studios, but they will probably file another lawsuit again.

Penguins tend to stay on land to avoid killer whales, because they cannot go on land.

Penguins tend to stay on land to avoid killer whales, but they do need to go in the water for food at times.

The forensic team managed to link the criminals to the crime since they analyzed the blood samples at the crime scene.

The forensic team managed to link the criminals to the crime, so they are now going to go to prison.

The Swiss bank freezed the accounts of a crime syndicate because they were helping law enforcement catch the criminals.

The Swiss bank freezed the accounts of a crime syndicate because they had fraudulent money deposited in their account.

Blackberry alienated a lot of users because they blacked out their service due to technical difficulties.

Blackberry alienated a lot of users because they were angered by the service being taken down for days.

NATO forces did precision predator strikes for the Libyan rebels since they had the predator vehicles.

NATO forces did precision predator strikes for the Libyan rebels because they did not have the capabilities themselves.

Channel 6 news team gave a play by play coverage of the escaped convicts because they needed to report the news.

Channel 6 news team gave a play by play coverage of the escaped convicts, so they had their escape reported to the world.

The preservation society managed to rescue a rare species of birds since they have the funding and resources to dedicate to saving animals.

The preservation society managed to rescue a rare species of birds so they will have the chance to survive.

The ski instructors taught the children the basics of skiing since they are trying to learn.

The ski instructors taught the children the basics of skiing because they have much experience to share and teach.

Samsonite makes luggage which is highly rated by Luggage Ratings Inc. since they make a quality and good looking product.

Samsonite makes luggage which is highly rated by Luggage Ratings Inc. because they thought the product they rated was highly desirable due to its quality.

The NSA sent their agents in the field to retrieve intelligence, but they were not able to gather the intelligence for them.

The NSA sent their agents in the field to retrieve intelligence because they need people in the field to do the field work.

Rammstein performed their latest hit single to the masses of Germany since they wanted to perform for this native country first.

Rammstein performed their latest hit single to the masses of Germany because they wanted to hear their newest masterpieces.

Western Digital may disappoint their shareholders this season since they have slowed down production in their Thailand factories due to flooding.

Western Digital may disappoint their shareholders this season, but they will probably tough out the momentary losses and remain shareholders.

Black Eyed Peas hosted a huge event for the partners of Intel, since they have lots of money to hire them to perform.

Black Eyed Peas hosted a huge event for the partners of Intel while they also perform for many other events.

The graduate students spend every waking moment studying for their classes since they offer much knowledge and tests as part of their itinerary.

The graduate students spend every waking moment studying for their classes, but they still need to devote time to friends and family as well.

Santa Claus and his elves distributed millions of presents worldwide to the children of the world, because they wish to reward those who behaved.

Santa Claus and his elves distributed millions of presents worldwide to the children of the world, but they do not all believe in them being able to give presents worldwide in a night.

The construction company could not rezone the area due to endangered butterflies because they are in danger of being wiped out if their environment is ruined.

The construction company could not rezone the area due to endangered butterflies since they could not violate state law and endanger a species.

The Texas Rangers lost the World Series to the Cardinals because they were outplayed in two of the most important games in the series.

The Texas Rangers lost the world series to the Cardinals since they had a stronger desire to win the series.

Uncharted 3 did not introduce any new ideas since their last game, Uncharted 2, so it ended up getting lukewarm reviews by game critics.

Uncharted 3 did not introduce any new ideas since their last game, Uncharted 2, but it is still going to be a fun game.

The Stars did not have many viewers watching the game last Friday since they were all watching the World Series instead.

The Stars did not have many viewers watching the game last Friday because they were playing at the same time as the World Series.

The United Federation of Worlds attempts to bring civilization and rule to the population of millions of planets, since they need a centralized government to maintain order.

The United Federation of Worlds attempts to bring civilization and rule to the population of millions of planets, because they want to unite the planets under the same rules.

The peace emissaries arrived to negotiate a peace treaty for the warring population, since they wish to assist in ending the war.

The peace emissaries arrived to negotiate a peace treaty for the warring population, but they will be difficult to find common ground for.

Technician Stepanic crafted advanced opticals for Leforge since he needed to be able to see well for his duties.

Technician Stepanic crafted advanced opticals for Leforge, but he would still prefer to see without such devices.

LA Galaxy is constantly seeking famous players to fill their ranks, because they are trying to obtain high profile players to incite popularity into the team.

LA Galaxy is constantly seeking famous players to fill their ranks, but they are constantly sought after by many teams with offers.

Youtube has paid out over a million dollars to their channel partners, because they are responsible for bringing millions of viewers to watch their videos.

Youtube has paid out over a million dollars to their channel partners, since they want to reward those who bring more users to their website.

The shipping company harvests lobster for their business, because they receive a high demand for this type of seafood.

The shipping company harvests lobster for their business, since they are considered an exquisite meal.

Peter Griffin often pokes fun at Chris, so he always ends up being angry.

Apple indicated that the Siri program would not be available for previous IPhones because they do not have the capabilities to run such a program.

Apple indicated that the Siri program would not be available for previous IPhones, but they were proven wrong when hackers were successful.

Saturday Night Live often has politicians as one of their main centers of attention since they are what viewers want to see joked about.

Saturday Night Live often has politicians as one of their main centers of attention because they want to keep viewers entertained.

Modern Warfare has big expectations to live up to due to the successful release of Battlefield 3 since they need to pull fans to their game instead.

Modern Warfare has big expectations to live up to due to the successful release of Battlefield 3 since they already have a solid grasp on many players that would consider purchasing a new similar game.

The Crusaders fought many unholy enemies because they viewed their crusade as their divine right.

The Crusaders fought many unholy enemies since they were considered unholy by the priests.

Some citizens of the kingdom were put in chains by the royal guard since they have been accused of breaking the law.

Some citizens of the kingdom were put in chains by the royal guard because they have a duty to uphold the King's rule.

Knight Commander Roddick was plagued by a vision of his dead son, so he became crazy from being reminded constantly.

Knight Commander Roddick was plagued by a vision of his dead son because he was killed due to a lack of protection from his father.

Buy More Book Store sends brand new books to customers, but they sometimes end up sending used books instead.

Buy More Book Store sends brand new books to customers because they like quality in the books they read.

Merchant Smith purchased the trophy from Knight Louis, but he did not pay very well for it.

Merchant Smith purchased the trophy from Knight Louis because he desperately needed the money.

Walmart has leaked pages of their Black Friday Ad to the users of the internet, because they are trying to increase hype for them to come to their store.

Walmart has leaked pages of their Black Friday Ad to the users of the internet, but they will have many other ads to look at to choose from.

The father convinced his son that it is possible for him to one day become a knight, but he may never achieve such status coming from a peasant family.

The father convinced his son that it is possible for him to one day become a knight, because he did not want to crush his dreams.

Chevrolet had to recently recall their cars because they received complaints about the brakes in their product.

Chevrolet had to recently recall their cars so they could receive a repair in their brakes.

Positive SSL sells wildcard certificates to Web hosting companies because they require encrypted sites for interaction with customers.

Positive SSL sells wildcard certificates to Web hosting companies, but they have multiple options to purchase certificates from.

New Orleans is renown for their unique style of crawfish, because they are flavored and cooked to be delicious.

New Orleans is renown for their unique style of crawfish so they have many restaurants which sell it.

Microsoft Azure provides cloud servers for consumers because they are providing the infrastructure for a future in cloud computing.

Microsoft Azure provides cloud servers for consumers, but they are still hesitant to switch to cloud computing.

DVD Players are slowly being replaced by Blu Ray Systems since they are becoming the new medium of entertainment.

DVD Players are slowly being replaced by Blu Ray Systems, but they will still exist for years to come.

Soldiers of the armed forces were slowly being phased out by genetically engineered soldiers since they were physically inferior to their new counterparts.

Soldiers of the armed forces were slowly being phased out by genetically engineered soldiers because they were created solely for the purpose of excelled warfare.

Todd was offered a recruitment letter from the Dean of Admissions himself because he had an athletic ability that was highly regarded by the university.

Todd was offered a recruitment letter from the Dean of Admissions himself since he wanted to recruit such talent into their athletics department.

The officers chose a planet to send the new soldiers so they could receive experience in hostile environments.

The officers chose a planet to send the new soldiers, because they wanted them to be trained in hostile environments.

The security patrol searched the land for survivors, but they were not interested in saving them.

The security patrol searched the land for survivors because they might still be alive.

The heavy weapons team bombarded the settlement with their mortars since they needed to soften up the enemy before moving in.

The heavy weapons team bombarded the settlement with their mortars even though they were unarmed.

Kathy looked after the children of Mrs. Faith because she is quite capable as a baby sitter.

Cartman finally decided to get rid of his stuffed animal, Clyde Frog, so he was donated to charity.

Martial Arts actors are often accused as being frauds by the public since they think they can only fight in fake scenarios.

Martial Arts actors are often accused as being frauds by the public since they can only fight in fake scenarios.

Liu Kang used the element of water against Sub Zero since he was able to turn it into ice as a weapon.

Liu Kang used the element of water against Sub Zero because he is weak against such elements.

American Airlines offers upgrades for their preferred passengers since they want them to continue flying with them.

American Airlines offers upgrades for their preferred passengers so they continue choosing their airlines over others.

Chase Sapphire has a 24 hour service line for card holders since they chose the card for everyday available support when traveling.

Chase Sapphire has a 24 hour service line for card holders so they would be available to help if their customer encounters trouble.

Chase Freedom provides quarterly bonuses as incentives for accounts, since they want them to use their card.

Chase Freedom provides quarterly bonuses as incentives for accounts but they do not always consider the incentive as much value.

The collections agency often goes after delinquent accounts, but they sometimes make mistakes.

The collections agency often goes after delinquent accounts since they try and get the money owed if a person did not pay for several months.

Customer Support fields the questions of their customers so they could provide immediate assistance.

Customer Support fields the questions of their customers so they could receive immediate assistance.

Kyle purchased three new monitors due to a recommendation by his brother, because he wanted to increase his productivity.

Kyle purchased three new monitors due to a recommendation by his brother, because he provided information on how his productivity increased with more working space.

Coach Jay provided instruction to his son on how to eat healthy, because he wants him to grow up being fit and strong.

Coach Jay provided instruction to his son on how to eat healthy so that he can live longer.

The Starbuck employees make all the drinks on the spot for morning customers so they get their drinks nice and hot.

The Starbuck employees make all the drinks on the spot for morning customers because they want them to return to purchase more of their products.

Verizon Fios provides hundreds of channels to millions of viewers, because they want them to have a plethora of options to choose from.

Verizon Fios provides hundreds of channels to millions of viewers, but they sometimes want even more than what is available.

Marriott rewards frequent travelers with points for free stays so they can influence their decision on where they would like to stay.

Marriott rewards frequent travelers with points for free stays, but they are also enticed by other reward programs from other hotels.

Insurance companies charge a premium if people had an accident before because they will have to pay out more most likely for that person.

Insurance companies charge a premium if people had an accident before, so they try to maintain a clean record in order to avoid having to pay more.

The Drill Sergeants trained the troops aggressively so they could prepare them for the impending war.

The Drill Sergeants trained the troops aggressively because they need to be trained well to survive in war.

A series of injections are used to battle a type of cancer in patients, but they do not always provide a hundred percent success rate.

A series of injections are used to battle a type of cancer in patients because they have a special type of drug which counteracts this sickness.

Stark Industries produces the best technology for the military because they have a number of brilliant scientists.

Stark Industries produces the best technology for the military, but they pay top dollar to equip their forces with this.

New York City was grateful for the sacrifices the American Armed Forces did to save their city because they managed to divert a devastating attack.

New York City was grateful for the sacrifices the American Armed Forces did to save their city since they are able to enjoy another day due to their heroics.

Tech Analysts have speculated that Amazon will be releasing a phone next year since they have made a contract with vendors for phone parts.

Tech Analysts have speculated that Amazon will be releasing a phone next year, but they are only speculating at this point.

Apple recently had to recall 1st generation IPods because they had a defect in their batteries.

Apple recently had to recall 1st generation IPods, but they did so six years after it was initially released.

Seagate recently announced to their investors that production will not go back to normal until the end of 2012 because they had their factories flooded last month.

Seagate recently announced to their investors that production will not go back to normal until the end of 2012, so they may end up selling their stock.

Bioware recently announced a stress test to beta users this weekend since they need to see the performance of their servers.

Bioware recently announced a stress test to beta users this weekend so they are eagerly awaiting to play the much anticipated game.

U.S. Authors are fighting against Amazon's book lending program since they feel it violated their publishing rights.

U.S. Authors are fighting against Amazon's book lending program because they allow users a free book every month.

The celebrities who agreed to go to the Marine Corp dance with their dates stayed true to their word, because they felt that this was the least they could do to thank the troops.

The celebrities who agreed to go to the Marine Corp dance with their dates stayed true to their word, so they were extremely thankful that they took time out of their schedule to come.

The US Health inspection board shut down several food factories since they were violating many rules and regulations.

The US Health inspection board shut down several food factories, but they discovered that many rules and regulations were violated.

Amazon offers a generous credit program for college books since they can be resold again to other buyers.

Amazon offers a generous credit program for college books because they want students to come back and use their credit for more purchases.

The Dallas Cowboys lost their lead to the Redskins because they started to perform very poorly in the second half.

The Dallas Cowboys lost their lead to the Redskins because they started to perform very well in the second half.

The Disney characters at Disney World entertain the audience because they are there to keep people happy.

The Disney characters at Disney World entertain the audience since they are paying good money to having an enjoyable experience.

The Apes were determined to be contaminated by disease specialists, but they refused to admit their fault.

The Apes were determined to be contaminated by disease specialists, so they were forced to be released in secured captivity.

Lorenze took his son to the hospital because he fell off his bike and hurt his leg.

Lorenze took his son to the hospital since he was concerned for his health.

Sheila made chicken noodle soup for her daughter since she knew it would help her get over her cold.

Sheila made chicken noodle soup for her daughter, but she wanted cereal instead.

Animal Control takes control of lost animals in the city so they will not pose any threats to the pedestrians.

Animal Control takes control of lost animals in the city because they are hired by the city to perform these duties.

Chase will have a cyber monday sale for credit users since they want to entice users to continue using their cards.

Chase will have a cyber monday sale for credit users, but they may not necessarily care about the sale.

Caesar the ape found out the door code by watching Morris, so he was able to escape.

The security forces were not able to stop the mass of apes because they simply had them outnumbered.

The security forces were not able to stop the mass of apes since they did not have the manpower to stop that many.

Master Sifu passes wisdom on to Jack because he has much to teach him.

Master Sifu passes wisdom on to Jack so he listens very intently to what he has to say.

The Chinese Empire banished the Wu Shu family from the kingdom because they committed atrocities that could not allow.

The Chinese Empire banished the Wu Shu family from the kingdom since they tried to avoid conflict.

Deal sites that monitor stores will be active during Thanksgiving weekend because they will be offering huge discount during this shopping weekend.

Deal sites that monitor stores will be active during Thanksgiving weekend, but they do not necessarily guarantee you will get it first.

The Magnificent Five will battle it out with Shen Yu's forces because they will need to end his rein of terror.

The Magnificent Five will battle it out with Shen Yu's forces, but they may try and run away.

Some people proclaimed at the Ontario conventions that we need to colonize planets in the near future because they think we may face extinction if Aliens ever came for our resources.

Some people proclaimed at the Ontario conventions that we need to colonize planets in the near future since they are places where people can voice these kinds of concerns among like minded people.

Retail stores have been trying to pass an internet tax on online retailers for the past few years because they feel it would level the playing field.

Retail stores have been trying to pass an internet tax on online retailers for the past few years, but they are adamant on fighting against this regulation they are trying to impose.

Peacocks are considered very majestic birds by bird watchers because they are considered quite beautiful due to their vivid colors.

Peacocks are considered very majestic birds by bird watchers, but they know it is just a perception of how they see things.

Boyfriends always try to go out of their way to treat their girlfriends with respect because they are more inclined to stay with them when they are respected.

Boyfriends always try to go out of their way to treat their girlfriends with respect, but they want to be treated with respect as well.

Treasure hunters have to constantly fear running into bandits because they could be risking their lives if they encounter them.

Treasure hunters have to constantly fear running into bandits, even though they are rarely out to get them.

Ebay is often considered a great source by deal hunters to buy products, even though they often see misleading descriptions.

Ebay is often considered a great source by deal hunters to buy products, even though they often contain misleading descriptions.

Gun instructors provide the best tips and practices to keep their students safe from firearm usage since they have years of experience from handling guns in their lifetime.

Gun instructors provide the best tips and practices to keep their students safe from firearm usage, but they need to make sure they listen to these lessons to be safe.

Several energy companies are under investigation by Congress because they bankrupted even with government bailout money.

Several energy companies are under investigation by Congress since they need to find out if the money was mishandled.

The farmer proudly revealed his favorite chicken, because he laid a golden egg.

The farmer proudly revealed his favorite chicken, because he won the prize money.

John could not understand his waiter, because he was deaf.

John could not understand his waiter, because he spoke Spanish.

The assembly line workers were told they had been fired by the company, because they had moved the jobs overseas.

The assembly line workers were told they had been fired by the company, because they could cut costs.

Amazon predicted that oldies fans would like the Queen, Led Zeppelin, Frank Sinatra, The Beatles, and the Dave Matthews Band, but they do not actually care for any of these bands.

Amazon predicted that oldies fans would like the Queen, Led Zeppelin, Frank Sinatra, The Beatles, and the Dave Matthews Band, but they were totally inaccurate.

A motorboat turns the propeller pushing the water backwards, thus it moves forward.

A motorboat turns the propeller pushing the water backwards, thus the it propells the vehicle forward.

Student A beat student B, because he studied.

Student A beat student B, because he slacked off.

Mary asked Jim not to annoy the crazy person, as he might attack him.

Mary asked Jim not to annoy the crazy person, as he might be attacked.

A mathematical equation is more influential than politics, because it will stand forever.

A mathematical equation is more influential than politics, because it concerns only the present.

A policeman saw John Edwards commit the crime, so he was arrested.

A policeman saw John Edwards commit the crime, so he apprehended the criminal.

A person is more productive on an IDE than a text editor, therefore it should be used in general practice.

A person is more productive on an IDE than a text editor, therefore it should not be used in general practice.

The plane shot the rocket at the target, then it hit the target.

The plane shot the rocket at the target, then it blew up.

Charles Dickinson shot at Andrew Jackson, so he started reloading.

Charles Dickinson shot at Andrew Jackson, so he retaliated likewise.

The US president had a meeting with the Chinese president, where he told him to release political prisoners.

The US president had a meeting with the Chinese president, where he told him not to interfere with China's internal policy.

The Saudi government beheaded eight Bangladeshis because they killed the Egyptian guard.

The Saudi government beheaded eight Bangladeshis because they wanted to adhere to Islamic laws.

Bengali is morphologically richer than English, so its vocabulary is larger.

Bengali is morphologically richer than English, so its vocabulary is smaller.

There is currently more work on coreference resolution than on chunking because it is a problem that is nearly solved.

There is currently more work on coreference resolution than on chunking because it is a problem that is still far from being solved.

